---
layout: post
title: My Resume
description: 
author: Du Xiaojuan
category: misc
tags: resume
finished: true
---

## Information

- Name: Du Xiaojuan
- Email: 2667878530@qq.com
- Telephone: 18324120901

## Summary

- Have done one on one tutoring and be a teaching assistant in Trinity Innovative Education Group. Have a great passion for teaching and like children. And be able to master office software. Major in translation.

## Work Experience

- **Tutor**       Chong Qing May 2018 – Jun 2019

  Teach two Korean children, one at 7 years old to teach English about natural phonics and another at 13 years old to teach Chinese.

  explain Chinese to the child in English; teach Chinese grammar and sentences and communicate with her in Chinese.

  Teach letter pronunciation and do some listening with the child.

- **Teaching Asisstant**        Trinity Innovative Education Group, Chong Qing Oct 2017 – Dec 2017

  Be responsible for students' homework including correction and tutoring

  Assist teacher to maintain class order

  Make classroom performance table for students

  Communicate with parents about students' performance



##  **Education**

- **Bachelor****Chong Qing University of Education**, Chong Qing 2016 – Current

- **Award**

  Test for English Major 4

  College English Test Band 4

  National-level Mandarin Chinese, level 2, grade A

  School-level comprehensive scholarship third-class

   

## **Additional Information**

- As a teacher, I have great patience for students. I am willing to work overtime.